1) INITIAL PLANNING - REQUIREMENTS
a) Track games played and their outcome (who won)
b) Multiple competitors play in the tournament
c) Create a tournament plan
d) Schedules games
e) Single less eliminates player
f) The last player standing is the winner

Questions to expand the initial requirements:
Question 1
How many players will the tournament handle? Is it variable?
The application should be able to handle a variable number of players in a tournament.
Question 2
If a tournament has less than the full complement of players, how do we have handle it?
A tournament with less than the perfect number( a multiple of 2, so 4, 8, 16, 32, etc.) should add in "byes"!.
Basically certain people selected a random get to skip the first round and act as they won.
Question 3 
Should the ordering of who plays each other be random or order by input order?
The ordering of the tournament should be random.
Question 4
Should we schedule the game or are they just played whenever?
The games should be played in whatever order and whenever the players want to play them.
Question 5
If the games are scheduled, how does the system know when to scheduled games for?
They are not scheduled so we don't care.
Question 6
If the games are played whenever, can a game from the second round be played before the first round is complete?
No. Each round should be fully completed before the next round is displayed.
Question 7
Does the system need to store a score of some kind or just who won?
Storing a simple score would be nice. Just a number for each player. That way, the tracker can be flexible enough to
handle a checkers tournament or a basketball tournament.
Question 8
What type of front-end should this system have ( from, webpage, app, etc ) - Do not assume if you don't need to
The system should be a desktop system for no, but down the road we might when turn it to app or website.
Question 9
Where will the data be stored?
Ideally, the data should be stored in a Microsoft SQL database but please put in an option to store to a text file instead.
Question 10
Will this system handle entry fees, prizes, or other pay-outs?
Yes. The tournament should have the option of charging an entry fee. Prizes should also be an option, where the tournament
administrator chooses how much money to award a variable number of places. The total cash amount should not exceed the income
from the tournament. A percentage-based system would also be nice to specify.
Question 11
What type of reporting is needed?
A simple report specifying the outcome of the games per round as well as a report that specifies who won and how much they won.
These can be just displayed on a from or they can be emailed to tournament competitors and the administrator.
Question 12
Who can fill in the results of a game?
Anyone using the application should be able to fill in the game scores.
Question 13
Are there varying levels of access?
No. The only method of varied access is if the competitors are not allowed in the application and instead, they do everything via email.
Question 14
Should this system contact users about upcoming games?
Yes, the system should email users that they are due to play in a round as well as who they are scheduled to play.
Question 15
Is each player on there own or can teams use this team tracker?
The tournament tracker should be able to handle the addition of other members.
All members should be treated as equals in that they all get tournament emails.
Teams should also be able to name their team.

2)Big Picture Design
Structure : Windows Forms application and Class Library
Data: SQL and/or Text File
Users: One at a time on one application

Key Concepts
-Email
-SQL
-Custom Events
-Error Handling
-Interfaces
-Random ordering
-Texting
